{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green57\blue57;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green63\blue246;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c29020\c29020\c29020;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c18431\c36078\c97255;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh20440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
OM\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs54 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 OJEYEMI MODUPEOLUWA DORCAS\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs20 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 modupeoluwadorcas142@gmail.com | 09032724372 | Ibadan Nigeria | 
\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 WWW: 
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 https://www.linkedin.com/in/modupe-ojeyemi-133878258?utm_source=share&utm_campaign=share_via&utm_content=profile&utm_medium=ios_app\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Professional Summary
\f2\b0\fs24 \AppleTypeServices \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Rename\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Operations and marketing professional with a proven record at Red Bull, achieving a 60% increase in brand visibility through strategic campaigns. Expertise in leadership and stakeholder engagement drives business growth and adaptability to challenges. Strong tech literacy enhances process optimization and fosters team collaboration.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Skills
\f2\b0\fs24 \AppleTypeServices \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Rename\cb1 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5790\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalt\clvertalbase \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5790\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs22 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Leadership and team management\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Operations and strategic planning\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Business growth and marketing strategy\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stakeholder engagement and negotiation\cb1 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Brand positioning and visibility enhancement\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Tech and e-commerce literacy\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Problem solving and decision making\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Adaptability and Fast Learning\cb1 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Experience
\f2\b0\fs24 \AppleTypeServices \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Rename\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Blessing of God Block Industry\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Operations & Business Management Support
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Current\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\i0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Managed day-to-day operations including production schedules and delivery logistics.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Supervised workers, ensuring quality standards and operational efficiency.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Advised on strategic planning, resource allocation, and financial management.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Oversaw material sourcing and production processes, ensuring durable and high-quality outputs.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Demonstrated problem-solving and leadership in a male-dominated industry, contributing to decision-making and business growth.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Family Enterprise\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Red Bull | Ibadan, Nigeria\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Marketing & Brand Growth Executive
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 02/2021 - 11/2025\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\i0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Increased state-wide product visibility by 60\'9670% through strategic marketing campaigns and events.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Led partnerships with organizations and agencies to expand market presence and influence stakeholder engagement.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Coordinated cross-functional teams to execute initiatives under tight deadlines while maintaining academic commitments.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Built a strong professional network and honed negotiation and stakeholder management skills.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs26 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Education
\f2\b0\fs24 \AppleTypeServices \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Rename\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Cirvee Tech School | Ibadan\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Full-Stack Development
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Expected in 03/2026\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Ongoing\cb1 \
\cb3 University of Ibadan | Ibadan,Nigeria\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Bachelor of Agriculture
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539  in B.Agric in Agricultural Extension\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 11/2025\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\i0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Projects and Research: Coverage and Content Analysis of Genetically Modified Maize in Nigerian Newspaper, January till September, 2024.\cb1 \
\ls5\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Relevant Coursework and Training Programs: Role of Backyard Farming in Nigeria Households\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Participated in the 
\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 National Adopted Village for Smart Agriculture (NAVSA)
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539  initiative to digitize the agricultural sector in Nigeria.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 European Business University | Luxembourg\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Business Management Certificate
\f1\b0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539  in Business Management\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 07/2024\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0\b\fs26 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Leadership Philosophy
\f2\b0\fs24 \AppleTypeServices \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Rename\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs22 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb3 Believes that a business thrives when a leader effectively communicates the vision and aligns all stakeholders toward its realization. A calm, visionary, and participatory leader who empowers teams to achieve measurable growth and operational excellence.}